GMZ856-061315-
Coastal waters from Bonita Beach to Englewood FL out 20 NM-
845 PM EDT Mon Oct 5 2026

.REST OF TONIGHT...West winds around 5 knots, becoming east. Seas
1 foot or less. Wave Detail: South 1 foot at 5 seconds. Bay and
inland waters smooth. Isolated showers early this evening.
Isolated thunderstorms early this evening. Scattered showers. 
.TUESDAY...South winds 5 to 10 knots. Seas 1 foot or less. Wave
Detail: South 1 foot at 4 seconds. Bay and inland waters light
chop. Isolated showers and thunderstorms in the morning, then
scattered showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. 
.TUESDAY NIGHT...Southwest winds around 5 knots, becoming
southeast after midnight. Seas 1 foot or less. Wave Detail: South
1 foot at 4 seconds. Bay and inland waters light chop. Scattered
showers and thunderstorms in the evening, then numerous showers
with isolated thunderstorms after midnight. 
.WEDNESDAY...Southeast winds 5 to 10 knots, becoming southwest in
the afternoon. Seas 1 foot or less. Wave Detail: Southeast 1 foot
at 2 seconds and southwest 1 foot at 5 seconds. Bay and inland
waters light chop. Scattered thunderstorms. Showers.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Northwest winds 5 to 10 knots, becoming east
after midnight. Seas 1 foot or less. Wave Detail: Southwest
1 foot at 4 seconds. Bay and inland waters light chop. Showers.
Scattered thunderstorms, mainly in the evening. 
.THURSDAY...Southeast winds around 5 knots. Seas 1 foot or less.
Wave Detail: Southeast 1 foot at 2 seconds and southwest 1 foot
at 5 seconds. Bay and inland waters smooth. Numerous showers with
isolated thunderstorms in the morning, then showers and scattered
thunderstorms in the afternoon. 
.THURSDAY NIGHT...East winds 5 to 10 knots. Seas 1 foot or less.
Bay and inland waters light chop. Scattered thunderstorms.
Showers.
.FRIDAY...Southeast winds 5 to 10 knots. Seas 1 foot or less. Bay
and inland waters light chop. Scattered showers with isolated
thunderstorms in the morning, then numerous showers and scattered
thunderstorms in the afternoon. 
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Southeast winds 10 to 15 knots. Seas around
2 feet. Bay and inland waters a moderate chop. Scattered
thunderstorms. Numerous showers, mainly in the evening. 
.SATURDAY...Southeast winds 10 to 15 knots. Seas 2 to 3 feet. Bay
and inland waters a moderate chop. Scattered showers with
isolated thunderstorms in the morning, then numerous showers and
scattered thunderstorms in the afternoon. 

Winds and seas higher in and near thunderstorms.

$$
